Document the Rebind Method (#763)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/autocomplete/refresh-data.md

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/observable-data.md#intro)

In this article:

- [Rebind Method](#rebind-method)
- [Observable Data](#observable-data)
- [New Collection Reference](#new-collection-reference)

## Rebind Method

You can refresh the data of the AutoComplete by using the `Rebind` method exposed to the reference of the TelerikAutoComplete. If you have manually defined the [OnRead event]({%slug autocomplete-events%}#onread) the business logic defined in its event handler will be executed. 

````CSHTML

> @* Clicking on the Rebind button will delete the first option from the dropdown and refresh the data *@

Reviewer: More precisely, we are removing an item from the data, not from the dropdown.

```suggestion
@* Clicking on the Rebind button will delete the first item from the datasource and refresh the data in the UI *@
```
